do it
hi i am andre and this is the sony
xperia sr
a waterproof android smartphone that
can also be filmed around the water
is a headset with attachments and one
adapter with a micro-usb cable
the xperia zr is made of non-slip
rubbery plastic which makes it tasty
lies in the hand and certainly as the device
a little wet is still a good one
grip offers all connections are back
can be found behind doors
because the device is waterproof in
unlike the xperia z it is with
it is possible to put the battery there
and we find behind the battery
then also the SIM card slot and the micro SD
card slot
compared to the waterproof xperia z
we also find one at the move
camera button with the xperia zr
sony a nice android smartphone off with
good specifications and the possibility
to take underwater photos and videos
the name says it already has the xperia zr
many similarities with the xperia z
almost everything has remained the same internally
the quad core processor of one and a half ich
ore is present the 2 gigabytes
main memory and the 4g support
the zr does have a slightly smaller 4.55
inch screen with a hd ready resolution
instead of a full hd resolution
as with the xperia z
but the screen will still be
use the bravia two technology
the internal memory is also something
shrunk to 8 gigabytes but that is
also expandable
android 4 point one is unfortunately not the
very latest version of android
currently available for the
the rest we find a skin of sony die
is over the operating system
but these adjustments are real
at least the different sony
multimedia applications
pre-installed for example the wat
my application with which you also have a
can listen to music at the move
of course it's all about being
water resistance up to 1 meter depth and
30 minutes long you have to
always be careful that you all
have closed the covers
by adding the camera button
you can also film under water and
to photograph
there is one for this
13.1 megapixel camera present that beautiful
drop images in worse
lighting conditions is also one
flash that helps, however, you need here
don't expect too much from it
the photos and videos that are under water
to be made
look good and it is definitely with the
eye on summer vacation and very nice
for the butter the men from
the cloud comes from the figurehead
put there is a logical extension
the waterproof series of xperia
Phones that Sony has now is also there
an xperia that lets you take nice photos and
can make videos under water
since the device is mainly above
water is going to be used, too
important that the specifications are good
and this is also with the xperia z er
no problem
do you also want underwater pictures and
shoot videos with the xperia zr
from sony
order it now at pdashop.nl
or point b or just sounds on the link
bottom right
I thank you for looking at this review and
I look forward to seeing you next time